Hello, and welcome to our sample web video.
This is a demonstration of the WebVTT caption format,
which is used for HTML5 video captioning.
WebVTT (Web Video Text Tracks) is designed
specifically for the web and HTML5 video.
Unlike SRT, WebVTT supports styling
and positioning of captions.
For example, you can highlight text
or make it bold using special tags.
You can also position captions at different
locations on the screen using cue settings.
This caption is positioned on the left side.
And this one is on the right side.
WebVTT files start with "WEBVTT" on the first line,
followed by an optional header.
Thank you for viewing this sample WebVTT file!